## Introduction

 Tea and Tea stall are highly close to Indians. our day will not start without teas/coffee. everything is

being invoiced now a days. the same required for the tea stalls which will take more transparency

for their transactions and customers. This application will help customers to get their bills for their

expenditure at stall. it will definitely helpful for owner also. A lot of time gets saved for the owner as

in traditional method they are giving written bills and calculations

## Features

1) Select Quantity

2) Tax Calculations

3) Name of Customer & cashier

3) Bill Generation

## High Level Requirements

1) Different Products Quantity

2) Calculations

3) Generating Bill

## Low Level Requirements

1) Tax calculation

2) Names of admin and customer

3) Date

## Advantages

1) Time Saving

2) Transparency

3) Tax details

## Disadvantages

1) External printing Required

2) Limited Products List

3) fixed price

## Swot analysis

 # strenth

 * Time Saving                 

 * Calculation 

 # Weakness

 * Extranal printing

 * Mistypes by admin 

 # oppurtunitys 

 * Customer analasis

 * Increase in sales 

 * Decrease in laboar

 # Threads

 * misuse

 * Potentiol Competation 

 

 ## 4W's and 1H

# Who :

* People who have Tea stall can utilize this application to save time of writing bills in traditional way

 # What :

* The way which would bring the transparency between shop owners and customers, which saves

time, which gives proper calculations and invoice

#  When :

* Time is not a barrier, so it can be used at anytime

# Where :

* It can be used at anywhere as at tea shop or cafe

# How :

* Many features are available to use. Invoice will be generated by entering Admin name and

customer name, the product quantity as bought by customer.

